feat(mlbs): documentation of advanced locality awareness (#1506)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/locality-aware.md

title: Locality-aware Load Balancing
---

{% if_version gte:2.5.x %}
{% warning %}

> If you are looking for more advanced configuration use [MeshLoadBalancingStrategy](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshloadbalancingstrategy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode of doing locality aware load balancing is being replaced by [MeshLoadBalancingStrategy](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshloadbalancingstrategy) which is more powerful and flexible.
```
